v0.2.0 and v0.1.1 release info (#56)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/releases/_index.en.md

weight = 15
+++

> ## v0.2.0 Overlapping CIDRs support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v0.2.0 Overlapping CIDR support
```

(Yes, English is weird.)

Author: :? I trust you, but I don't get it :)

> > This release is focused on overlapping CIDRS support between clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release is focused on overlapping CIDR support between clusters
```

> * Support for Overlapping CIDRs between clusters (globalnet)

Reviewer: This one however is plural, and correct.

* Enhanced e2e scripts, which will be shared between repositories in the shipyard project (ongoing work)

> * Local registry in make e2e, improves e2e deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved e2e deployment by using a local registry.
```

> * Refactoring for support pluggable drivers (in preparation for wireguard support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactoring for support pluggable drivers (in preparation for [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) support)
```

> * Refactoring for support pluggable drivers (in preparation for [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) support)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Refactoring to support pluggable drivers (in preparation for [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) support)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we mention "Added a documentation website"?

Author: Nah, they can see if they are on the website already, it's more like a co-lateral :)

## v0.1.1 Submariner with more light

> > This release has focused on stability for the Ligthouse support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release has focused on stability for the Lighthouse support
```

> * cleaner logging for submariner-engine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Cleaner logging for the submariner-engine
```

> * cleaner logging for submariner-route-agent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Cleaner logging for the submariner-route-agent
```

* Fixed issue with wrong token stored in subm file #244
* Added flag to disable the OpenShift CVO #235
* Fixed several service-discovery related bugs #194 , #167
* Fixed several panics on nil network discovery

> * Now checks if the IPs for the cluster you're trying to join overlaps with an existing one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added checks to ensure the CIDRs for joining cluster don't overlap with an existing ones.
```
